When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Using a remote repository is a great way to keep all of your work backed up.
    Another great use is for when you are collaborating on a project with multiple
    people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    You may have some unsaved changes in your remote repository that may be affected
    when Git automatically pulls changes so automatically pulling changes is not
    ideal.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks: used when you want to add your own changes/version to an existing 
    GitHub repo, but the original creator wants to keep their version.
    (Create your own version of the repo on GitHub)
    Clones: used when you want to add changes to an existing GitHub repo that you are currently collaborating with.
    (Add changes to the same repo on GitHub)
    Branches: used to separate changes that are unwanted in the main version until it is in working order or when it is wanted for it to be merged.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally minimizes the amount of merging that needs to be done.
    For example, you haven't been able to contribute to a collaboration for some time, but have come up with an idea for a new feature and want to implement it
    to the GitHub repo. This is where you pull the most recent state of the remote so that it becomes less likely that you will have to merge your changes
    with the changes that have been made since you last contributed.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    To collaborate without using GitHub, the collaborators would have to email
    code to each other and somehow keep track of the changes. This would be
    incredibly difficult. GitHub is definitely the easier option.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
